URBAN CREST APARTMENTS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                   RESIDENT'S HANDBOOK           
                                                                     
CONTENTS 
 
Chapter 1: General 
 
Chapter 2: General Notes of Importance, Maintenance and Services 
 
Chapter 3: What to Do in Case of an Emergency 
 
Chapter 4: Rules and Regulations 
 
Chapter 5: What Every Owner/Occupier Should Refrain From Doing 
 
Chapter 6: What Every Owner/Occupier Should Observe 
 
Chapter 7: Rules and Regulations for Facilities 
 
Chapter 8: Reservation of Community Room, Bulk Delivery, and Renovation  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 01 
GENERAL  
BRIEF ON "URBAN CREST" APARTMENTS  
The “Urban Crest”  project was designed for people looking to get away from the hustle and bustle 
of the city while still remaining in close proximity. Cool, calm, and sophisticated with a youthful 
edge, these apartments were designed to provide residents with all features needed in a home. 
The apartment complex consists of 6 towers (T1 to T6), and each tower comprises ground plus 12 
floors with 160 apartment units, a basement with car parking, a separate car park over 2 floors, a 
mezzanine floor, and common facilities. 
Located in lush greenery with close proximity to  town, “Urban Crest” provides its residents with 
safe and serene living. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BUILDING PLAN 
The apartment complex consists of six towers (T1 to T6), and each tower comprises the ground 
floor plus 12 floors with 160 apartment units. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The facilities offered include: 
-  Swimming Pool 
-  Gymnasium 
-  Function Hall 
-  Car Park 
-  Centralised Electricity, Water, and Gas Supply 
-  Backup Generator System 
-  Three Elevators (one allocated as a service elevator) 
-  Garbage Chute 
-  24-Hour Security 
-  Fire Protection and Detection System 
-  SLT PEO TV / ADSL / V oice Connection 
-  CCTV and Intercom System 
-  Hot Water Supply 
-  Pantry Cupboards 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE COUNCIL OF THE URBAN CREST APARTMENTS -  
MANAGEMENT CORPORATION 
The day-to-day operations of the condominium are managed by a council elected by the owners at an 
Annual General Meeting of the Corporation of Owners. 
The function of the council (as specified in the Apartment Ownership Law) is to “perform the duties, 
exercise the powers of the Management Corporation, and conduct the business of the Management 
Corporation on its behalf”, with the important duties being: 
a) To maintain the common elements; 
b) To insure the building to the replacement value, and take other forms of insurance as may be 
required; 
c) To ensure compliance with statutory notices issued by public bodies; 
d) To contract with providers of utilities such as electricity, water, and gas; 
e) To levy contributions from owners in proportion to their unit entitlements for the recovery of 
administrative expenses. 
f) To ensure compliance with the Apartment Ownership Law and the By-Laws of the Corporation. 
How to Reach the Council: 
Write to the Council Secretary. To request the current Secretary’s email address, contact the Officer 
in Charge of the Condominium Management. 
Use the suggestions/complaints book, which is kept in the lobby, to provide your feedback. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 2 
GENERAL NOTES OF IMPORTANCE, MAINTENANCE, AND 
SERVICES. 
GENERAL NOTES OF IMPORTANCE 
Apartment residents should use only the main gate. 
Any vehicle entering the premises should possess a vehicle pass, which is provided at the time of 
taking over the apartment. 
The Resident Card issued to all owners and their immediate family members should be produced 
as and when necessary. This card should be produced in order to use the common facilities 
provided. This is for security purposes. 
Additional or replacement cards and vehicle passes may be obtained on payment. 
In case of a fire, the staircase should be used. There are signs on the staircase pointing to the exit 
on the ground floor. 
If renting the apartment, details of the tenant (name, renting period, ID number) should be given 
in writing to the Management Office. A Resident Card will be issued to the tenant thereafter. 
If selling the apartment, the original owner should hand over the Resident Card with the details of 
the new owner to the office. Thereafter, a new card will be issued to the new owner. 
Details of housemaids/drivers should be given in writing to the Management Office. An access 
card will be issued subsequently. 
Visitors entering the premises with prior notice will be sent in immediately (e.g., name, vehicle 
number, etc.). If prior notice is not given, the security personnel will check with the resident and 
obtain confirmation before letting the visitor into the premises. 
 
 
COMMON AREAS AND COMMON SERVICES MAINTENANCE. 
General cleaning services will be performed by a cleaning contractor who provides the necessary 
manpower and equipment to keep the common areas clean. 
GARBAGE DISPOSAL 
Residents are advised that loose or wet kitchen waste should be sealed in polythene bags before 
disposal into the garbage chute. Fruit waste should be wrapped in paper before depositing it in the 
polythene bags. 
Allow access to the chute to only one user at a time. When the door is opened on one floor, all 
doors are locked on other floors. 
For safety reasons, any bulky refuse, old newspapers, used paper cartons, unwanted clothing, and 
breakable items, such as glass bottles, should be properly tied up and put into the separate bins 
provided. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 3 
WHAT TO DO IN CASE OF EMERGENCY 
SECURITY SERVICE 
Security service will be performed by a security contractor who provides 24-hour security with a 
team of trained guards. The security guards will also assist in fire safety and prevention, and the 
control of use of the common facilities within the building. 
Main Security Room - Direct No. 011 2050000. State clearly your Apartment No. and unit location. 
BREAKDOWN OF ESSENTIAL SERVICES 
In case of breakdowns in essential services such as electrical supply, plumbing and sanitary service, 
lift service, intercom system, CCTV system, etc., please contact the Management Office for help. 
After office hours, you can contact the security guard on duty at the Security Control Room for 
assistance. 
For household fittings and services such as telephone connection, PEO TV connection, pantry 
cupboards, etc., which carry warranties provided by the manufacturers or service providers, you 
should contact the relevant agents directly for the defective condition of the said items. 
EMERGENCY CONTACT FORM 
In order to facilitate contact between the Management and the owners in times of emergency, 
please complete the emergency contact form and return it to the Management Office once you 
move in. If there are changes thereafter, you are advised to inform the Management Office of them 
as soon as possible. 
 
 
 
 
FIRE 
Fire safety precaution is given top priority by the Management. All Owners/Occupiers should 
familiarise themselves with the fire safety provisions and take part in periodic fire drills. If a fire 
alarm is triggered within our building, the security guards will take necessary steps. It is still 
important to be prepared for any eventuality. An emergency voice communication system has been 
provided. 
Participate in fire drills and other safety education and awareness activities organised by the 
condominium management. 
IN CASE OF FIRE 
-  Condominium Office - Direct No. 011 2870000. State clearly your Apartment No. and unit 
location. 
-  Activate the nearest ‘Break Glass’ call point. 
-  Do not panic. If you must evacuate the building, do so in an orderly manner. 
-  Do not use lifts. Walk down the stairs in single file. Walk all the way down to the clearly 
marked exit floor at ground level. Do not exit from any other floor. 
 
LIFTS 
If you are trapped inside the elevator, press the button to call the Control Room. The security 
personnel/officer on duty will attend immediately. 
POWER FAILURE 
The building has standby generators which will automatically provide emergency power supply to 
light up strategic parts of the common corridors and access ways in case of power failure. It will 
be useful to keep a battery-operated torch light for use in the event of a most unlikely delay in the 
switching between the CEB and the Generator supplies. 
 
 
CHAPTER 4 
RULES AND REGULATIONS 
THE RULES AND REGULATIONS 
The rules and regulations are designed for harmonious community living in security, safety, and 
comfort, respecting each other’s rights and conveniences in close cooperation as 
Owners/Occupiers. Observing such rules makes life pleasant for one and all. 
The owner/occupier of a condominium parcel (hereafter sometimes referred to as a ‘unit’) shall 
comply with: 
i) The Apartment Ownership Law No. 11 of 1973 (AOL) as amended by the Apartment 
Ownership (Amendment) Act No. 45 of 1982, the Apartment Ownership (Special 
Provisions) Act No. 4 of 1999, the Apartment Ownership (Special Provisions) 
(Amendment) Act No. 27 of 2002, and the Apartment Ownership (Amendment) Act No. 
39 of 2003. 
) The Condominium Management Authority Law No. 10 of 1973 (CMA Law) as amended 
by Act No. 24 of 2003. 
i) The By-Laws contained in the Second Schedule of the Apartment Ownership Law as 
amended from time to time. 
iv) The Rules and Regulations set out hereafter. 
 
In these Rules and Regulations: 
i) The expression ‘owner/occupier’ means an owner of a unit, and in the case of a unit 
occupied by a person who is not an owner of the unit, it shall be construed as including the 
occupier of that unit. 
) The expression “guest” means a visitor who has been invited by the owner to enter the 
condominium property. 
i) The expression “living-in guest” means a guest staying at the condominium property for 
more than one day. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 5 
WHAT EVERY OWNER/OCCUPIER SHOULD REFRAIN FROM 
DOING 
Owner/Occupier of a unit SHALL NOT: 
a) Erect any signboard, advertisement, notice, or any other label on any part of the building. 
b) Wash any floors, except bathrooms and balconies, by any means other than mopping. 
c) Allow any clothes or other articles to be hung or exposed from the windows, balconies, or from 
any facade of the building. Kindly use a rack for drying clothes. 
d) Throw rubbish/garbage into the bin without placing or securing it in suitable polythene bags. 
e) Throw any liquid into the garbage chute. 
f) Throw glass bottles into the garbage chute. All glass bottles must be collected in the bins 
provided for that purpose. 
g) Throw anything through the windows. 
h) Carry out any construction, modification, fitting, outwork, addition, erection, or improvement 
to the unit or any lot contrary to the approved building plan of the condominium property except 
with the prior written approval of the management. In the event of any such construction, 
modification, fitting, outwork, addition, erection, or improvement being carried out contrary to the 
approved building plan of the condominium property or without the prior written approval of the 
management, the management reserves its right to make a complaint to the Condominium 
Management Authority and thereupon the Condominium Management Authority (CMA) shall 
have the full right and authority to take appropriate measures, including demolition of such 
unauthorised construction as provided under Section 9A of the Condominium Management 
Authority Law. The management, when granting such written approval as referred to above, shall 
have the right to impose conditions which shall include that: 
i) The owner/occupier submitting the proposed plans, construction technique, and type of 
tools, equipment, and material to be used to the Management Corporation for prior 
approval. 
) The owner/occupier ensuring that all works, especially those causing noise such as 
hacking, hammering, drilling, etc., and works which generate strong odours (e.g., painting 
and varnish works, etc.) are carried out from Monday to Friday, 9.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. 
(except from 12 noon to 2.00 p.m.). No works are to be carried out on Saturdays, Sundays, 
and Public Holidays. 
i) The owner/occupier lodging a sum of Rs. 25,000/- with the Management Corporation, 
which sum shall hereinafter be called the Security Deposit. This Security Deposit shall be 
used to defray the cost of remedial works in the event of damage, if any, to the common 
elements, and the balance shall be refunded without interest on completion of the works. 
After repairs, any debris shall be removed immediately, failing which the owner/occupier 
concerned will be charged for the removal thereof. 
i)Deposit, throw, or allow to fall any refuse or rubbish, dirt, dust, or debris of any description on 
the common elements or any part thereof. 
j) Mark, paint, drive nails or screws into, or otherwise damage or deface any structure that forms 
part of the common elements. 
k) Damage any lawn, garden, trees, shrubs, plants, or flowers forming part of or situated upon the 
common elements by vehicles, machines, tools, or objects of any description. 
l) Use, for his/her own purpose, whether as a garden or otherwise, any portion of the common 
elements except where such right of exclusive use has been granted by the Management 
Corporation under By-Law 3 of the Second Schedule of the Apartment Ownership Law. 
m) Obstruct the use of the common elements by other owners, their families, or visitors, or cause 
damage thereto. 
n) Park or leave any motor vehicles or other vehicles upon the common elements except with the 
prior approval of the Management. Overnight parking for visitors is prohibited unless prior 
approval is obtained from the Management Office. 
o) Park or leave any vehicle unattended along the driveway of the front lobby of the condominium. 
p) Create, upon the common elements, any noise likely to interfere with the peaceful enjoyment 
of the owner/occupier of another unit using the common elements. 
q) Permit children to play with the lifts or in the lobbies, stairways, and car parks, or to use the 
walls for games or to deface the walls in any manner whatsoever. 
r) Use his/her unit, or permit it to be used, in such a manner or for such a purpose as to cause 
nuisance or danger to the residents of other units. 
s) Use his/her unit, or permit his/her unit to be used, for any activities which may be injurious to 
the reputation of the Condominium. 
t) Use any fuel, substance, or material which may give rise to smoke, fumes, or obnoxious smells. 
u) Permit anything that will become a fire hazard, thereby causing any fire insurance to become 
void or the rates of insurance premium to be increased, to be brought into the Condominium. 
v) Permit the lighting of firecrackers of any nature. 
w) Make any alterations or additional installations to the central television antenna system without 
having obtained approval in writing from the Management. 
x) In any way keep or leave any article or thing belonging to him/her, or discarded by him/her, in 
any part of the staircases or other common areas, or permit the placing or parking of bicycles and 
other wheeled vehicles which may obstruct or are likely to obstruct the common elements in the 
Condominium. 
y) Overload the lifts. 
z) Transport bicycles in elevators. (Bicycles must be parked in the basement). 
aa) Carry out any pounding of chillies or any other substance. 
bb) Dispose of sanitary towels into commodes. 
cc) Permit any animals or pets on the Condominium premises. 
dd) Smoke in all recreational and common areas, including the lifts. 
CHAPTER 6 
WHAT EVERY OWNER/OCCUPIER SHOULD OBSERVE 
EVERY OWNER/OCCUPIER SHALL: 
a) Strictly observe the rules and regulations of the Management Corporation and as set forth in 
this document in all aspects. Failure to do so may: 
i) lead to the imposition of a fine on the resident's account, and 
) the amount of the fine will not be more than Rs. 5,000/- and if 
i) Unpaid penalties and interest will be applied at the same rate for delays in other payments 
due to the Management Corporation. 
iv) The Management Corporation has the right to take all other action as permitted in the 
Apartment Ownership Law. 
(b)   
i) Pay the amount determined by the Management as "Management Fee" on or before the 
due date upon receipt of the invoices issued by the Management. Such fee shall be payable 
within 30 days of the date of invoice. The Management reserves the right to charge a 
penalty on delayed payments and also to resort to other options for recovery of the same in 
terms of the Apartment Ownership Law. 
) Pay the monthly dues for the services, electrical, water, and gas as determined by the 
Management on or before the due date. 
(c) Permit the Management Corporation and its agents, at all reasonable times and on reasonable 
notice being given (except in case of Emergency when no notice is required), to enter his/her unit 
for the purpose of: 
i) Inspecting the unit, 
) Inspecting, maintaining, and repairing the common elements, 
i) Maintaining, repairing, or renewing sewers, pipes, wires, cables, and ducts used or 
capable of being used in connection with the enjoyment of any other unit and/or the 
common elements, 
iv) Executing any work or doing any act reasonably necessary for or in connection with 
the performance of its duties or exercise of its power or the enforcement of these rules and 
regulations or other by-laws affecting the Condominium. 
(d) Ensure that, on completion of any authorized renovation work: 
i) The contractor does not leave or dispose of wet cement or debris into the refuse bin 
centres, toilets, from the balcony, or in the common areas. All building material and debris 
should be put into leak-proof bags and should be removed from the unit using the staircase 
without any damage to it. 
) All corridors, elevators, and other common areas are not damaged. Plywood or 
appropriate materials should be used to prevent soiling or damaging of floor finishes. If 
remedial work needs to be carried out in the common areas as a result of damage caused 
by the said renovation works, the owners/occupiers concerned, as appropriate, shall be 
liable to pay the same to the Management. 
e) Repair and maintain his/her unit and keep it in good condition, reasonable wear and tear and 
damage by fire, storm, tempest, or an act of God excepted. The unit shall be kept in a clean and 
sanitary condition in order that the Condominium will have a high standard of maintenance which 
will be beneficial to all residents of the Condominium. 
f) Give the Management Office prior notice of the day and time when large household articles 
and/or furnishings are to be moved in or out of the Condominium. 
g) Use and enjoy the common elements in such a manner so as not to interfere unreasonably with 
the use and enjoyment thereof by other owners and their families or visitors. 
h) Ensure that no potted plants or any other objects are placed dangerously on balconies where 
they can fall and cause bodily harm to persons below, nor permit leaves, debris, or water to fall 
over the balcony. 
i) Ensure that his/her visitors/chauffeurs do not make noise by sounding their car horns in a manner 
so as to cause disturbance or annoyance to other residents. 
j) Inform their visitors, tradesmen, or contractors that they must register with the security guard at 
the guardhouse before entry into the Condominium and abide by all requirements of the 
Management in respect of identification and such other regulations as may be applicable. 
k) Ensure that all deliveries, parcels, and courier parcels are identified and accepted by residents. 
l) Take reasonable steps to ensure that any child under his/her supervision, when playing upon the 
common elements, shall not: 
i) Cause any damage to the common elements; and 
) Create any noise likely to interfere with the peaceful enjoyment of the Owner/Occupier 
of another unit. 
m) Ensure that no private functions or gatherings shall be held in any common and/or recreational 
area without the prior written approval of the Management. 
n) Keep clean all glass windows and all doors on the boundary of his/her unit, including all 
elements which are deemed as common property. 
o) Maintain the speed of his/her vehicle below 10 km/h while driving in the precincts of the 
Condominium and not obstruct the driveways and parking areas. 
p) Ensure that all gas and electrical equipment and appliances are switched off when going out. 
q) Use the pool changing room to change after a swim. Do not use the elevators in wet clothes. 
r) Ensure that all residents in his/her unit register themselves at the Management Office with two 
passport-size colour photographs. 
s) Ensure that visitors of all residents shall also be registered if their stay is for a period of over 
seven days. 
t) Ensure that all Domestic Helpers/Drivers shall also register themselves at the Management 
Office with two colour passport-size photographs. Domestic Helper/Driver ID cards will be issued 
by the Management and the cost of such card will be Rs. 150.00. Termination of such Domestic 
Helper/Driver must be informed immediately to the Management Office. Loss of the same must 
also be informed immediately, and replacement of Domestic Helper/Driver ID cards will be issued 
by charging Rs. 250/-. They must also wear the ID cards at all times. Personnel who do not have 
their ID cards will be reported to the residents/owners/occupiers of the particular apartment for 
immediate disciplinary action. 
u) Ensure that Resident Cards are produced when requesting the use of all facilities and that 
necessary invoices are signed by all residents in the respective outlets. 
v) Ensure that an authorization letter is issued together with all gift parcels at all times. 
w) Maintenance of the individual apartment unit shall be the responsibility of the Owner/Occupier. 
x) It is advised that all stainless steel handrails and the light fittings in the balconies/terraces be 
cleaned regularly. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 7 
RULES AND REGULATIONS OF FACILITIES 
THE USE OF RECREATIONAL FACILITIES 
(a) The Recreational Facilities are for the exclusive use of residents and their 'live-in' guests. 
(b) A resident card will be issued for each member (above 12 years) in each unit. The first issue 
will be free of charge and transferable subject to the return of the old card. Subsequent issues of 
misplaced cards will be subject to a charge of Rs. 1,000/- per card. 
(c) Only residents with valid passes for facilities may use/book the recreational facilities. Guests 
must be signed in by the residents at the reception desk and shall be accompanied by the resident 
throughout the use of the specified facility. 
(d) The maximum number of guests allowed at any time per facility pass holder shall be as follows: 
I. Gymnasium : Two (2) 
II. Swimming Pool : Two (2) 
(e) Residents are required to produce their resident pass at the reception counter when making 
reservations. 
(f) Children under twelve (12) years shall not be allowed to use any of the recreational facilities 
unless accompanied by their parents or supervising adults, who shall be responsible for their safety 
and proper behavior. 
(g) Residents are responsible for the behavior of their guests and their compliance with these rules. 
(h) Residents shall be responsible for any damage caused to the recreational facilities by them or 
their guests. Residents must inform the security guard or maintenance staff of any existing damage 
to the facility or equipment they or their guests are about to use, failing which they may be held 
responsible for such damage. 
(i) The Management shall not be responsible for any loss of or damage to any personal property, 
injury, or death arising from carelessness or negligence on the part of the persons concerned or any 
other third person, or arising from failure to abide by these rules or for any other reason whatsoever. 
(j) Radios, hi-fi equipment, television sets, musical instruments, and other similar equipment may 
not be used in or about the recreational facilities area. 
(k) Except for those games and activities for which the facilities were specifically intended, no 
other games or activities (such as cricket, football, roller-skating, aerobics, skateboarding, cycling, 
and "horseplay" of any sport) will be allowed in or about the recreational facilities area. 
(l) The Management Corporation reserves the right to amend/add to these rules and regulations in 
terms of the Apartment Ownership Law (as amended). Residents shall be notified at least one week 
in advance before such changes take effect. 
(m) Any person found to be in breach of the rules and regulations shall be required to leave the 
recreational areas at once and shall be barred from making any reservations for a period of four 
(4) weeks. 
(n) Residents and their guests must abide by all the rules when they utilize the recreational 
facilities. Each facility has its own set of rules. 
(o) Domestic aides, drivers, staff, helpers, nannies, service providers, etc., employed by or engaged 
by residents are not allowed to use the recreational facilities. 
 
RULES & REGULATIONS ON CAR PARKING 
(a) There are 160 parking slots available in the basement and the vehicle parking building. A dark 
green vehicle pass will be issued for all vehicle owners to park their vehicle. A light green vehicle 
pass may be provided to park an additional vehicle if parking slots are available. The Management 
has the right to remove this vehicle at any time from the parking slot if it is a hindrance to the 
parking of another resident’s vehicle. 
The first vehicle registration card shall be differentiated from the second or subsequent vehicle 
registration cards by the following: 
1st vehicle - Dark green vehicle pass 
2nd or subsequent vehicle - Light green vehicle pass 
(b) Vehicles without a resident vehicle pass will not be allowed to park in the car park lots or within 
the Condominium. 
(c) Apartment residents or their visitors shall not park along the roadside of the ‘Urban Crest’ 
housing project. 
(d) Visitors’ vehicles are not to be parked overnight within the precincts of the Condominium 
unless prior written notice has been given to the Management and formal approval has been 
obtained from the Management. 
(e) No vehicle with a garage plate or unregistered vehicle will be allowed unless prior approval is 
obtained from the Management Office giving the complete details (plate number, make and model, 
color, engine/chassis number, etc.) of the vehicle. The period of parking of such vehicles is to be 
notified. 
(f) The Management Corporation shall take all necessary action to remove vehicles that cause 
obstruction to others. If the action taken results in any damage to the said vehicle, the Management 
Corporation shall not be liable. 
(g) All vehicles parked within the precincts of the Condominium are at the owner’s own risk. 
(h) Car park lots are only for vehicles, and the Management Corporation will not be responsible 
for any materials, belongings, tools, or equipment left in the car park lots. 
(i) Water for washing/cleaning of vehicles is only permitted at a designated area within the 
precincts of the Condominium. The Management Corporation shall charge a fee for such utility. 
(j) No vehicle repair work shall be carried out in the car park or in the Condominium premises. 
(Tinkering/painting/mechanical/etc.) 
 
 
 
RULES & REGULATIONS OF SWIMMING POOL 
(a) The pool opening and closing times will be displayed in the pool area. For safety reasons, no 
person is allowed in the pool after closing time. 
(b) Only residents and their guests may use the pool. Guests may use the pool only when 
accompanied by their host(s), who shall ensure that their guests comply with the rules and 
regulations contained herein. The maximum number of guests per housing unit who may use the 
pool shall not exceed two (2) at any one time. 
(c) There will be no lifeguard in attendance. As such, all residents and guests swim entirely at their 
own risk. 
(d) All persons must shower before entering the pool. A person with a bandage or open wound or 
any infectious disease will not be allowed to use the pool. Spitting, spouting, nose blowing, and 
any other bodily functions shall not be permitted in the pool. 
(e) All persons are required to dry themselves before leaving the pool area and changing rooms. 
No person wearing a dripping wet bathing suit shall go beyond the pool and changing room area. 
(f) All persons are advised to leave the pool during heavy rain and thunderstorms. 
(g) Children under twelve (12) years of age shall not be allowed within the pool premises unless 
accompanied by their parents or supervising adults, who shall be responsible for the children’s 
proper behavior. 
(h) No coach shall give lessons in the pool without first obtaining written consent from the 
Management. 
(i) Surfboards, snorkeling and scuba-diving gear (i.e., masks, snorkels, flippers, diving suits, etc.), 
glass masks or glass goggles, bulky inflatable toys and boats, and similar objects shall not be 
permitted in the pool. However, plastic goggles are permitted, and children may play with small 
water toys in the pool. 
(j) No pets shall be allowed in the pool or its vicinity. 
(k) Noisy, rough, and dangerous play will not be permitted in the pool area, such as all ball sports, 
kite flying, Frisbee playing, roller-skating, bicycle riding, skateboarding, contact sports, "horse-
playing," and other similar activities. 
(l) No food shall be permitted in the pool or its immediate vicinity. 
(m) The safety equipment provided around the pool shall not be used for any other purpose. No 
poolside furniture shall be removed from the pool area. Misuse of poolside furniture is strictly 
prohibited. Deck chairs and other poolside furniture may not be reserved. Persons vacating the 
pool area must remove all their belongings. Persons using the pool will be responsible for their 
personal belongings. 
(n) The filters, lifebuoys, and other equipment in and around the pool are private property and 
should not be tampered with. 
(o) All persons using the pool must be in proper swimming attire (no nude bathing is allowed). 
(p) T-shirts and shorts are strictly prohibited in the pool. 
(q) The Management reserves the right to shut down the pool for any emergency repairs without 
any prior notice. 
 
RULES AND REGULATIONS OF GYMNASIUM 
(a) Gymnasium opening and closing times will be displayed in the gymnasium area. 
(b) Only residents and their guests may use the facilities in the gymnasium. Guests must be 
accompanied by their host(s), who shall ensure that their guests comply with the rules and 
regulations contained herein. The maximum number of guests per housing unit who may use the 
gymnasium shall not exceed two (2) at any one time. The residents shall have priority over guests. 
(c) No food is allowed in the gymnasium. Smoking is strictly prohibited. 
(d) All litter must be disposed of in the receptacles provided. 
(e) No training or coaching classes shall be conducted by professionals without prior approval 
from the Management. 
(f) The Management will not be responsible for any injury or death arising from carelessness or 
negligence on the part of the person/s concerned or any other third person, or arising from failure 
to abide by the rules or instructions for the use of the equipment in the gymnasium. 
(g) Due care must be exercised when using the equipment in the gymnasium, and it must be 
returned to its proper place after use. No equipment may be removed from the premises. 
(h) Residents shall be responsible for any damage caused to the equipment by them or their guests. 
(i) Residents must inform the reception desk if they discover any damage to the equipment before 
using it, failing which they may be held responsible for such damage. 
(j) Children under twelve (12) years of age are not permitted in the gymnasium unless under the 
supervision of an adult who shall be responsible for their safety and proper behavior. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 8 
RESERV ATION OF COMMUNITY ROOM BULK DELIVERY 
RENOV ATION 
RESERV ATION OF COMMUNITY ROOM 
(a) The Function Room may be reserved for use during the following hours: 
i) Morning Session – 8:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.  
) Afternoon Session – 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.  
i) Evening Session – 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. 
(b) Bookings must be made two weeks in advance on a first-come, first-served basis. Bookings 
are also limited to one session per day. Cancellation of bookings shall be made one week before 
the actual scheduled date, failing which the Management reserves the right to forfeit the deposit. 
(c) Reservations must be made in person at the Management Office. 
(d) To make a reservation, an application form (available from the Management Office) must be 
completed and submitted to the Management with payment of a fee, which will be decided by the 
Management Corporation, and a refundable deposit of Rs. 5,000/=. 
(e) The person in whose name the booking is made shall be responsible for ensuring that the 
premises are clean and left in tidy condition after use. 
(f) All litter, waste food, etc. shall be disposed of in the refuse containers provided. 
(g) The Management reserves the right to deduct an equivalent sum of money from the refundable 
deposit made by any resident for any damage caused and also for extra cleaning costs if the 
premises are left untidy after use by a resident or his guests. 
(h) The Management shall not be responsible for any injury, accident, or death caused to any 
person using the Function Room due to any cause whatsoever, including negligence on the part of 
the resident or any of his/her guests. 
BULK DELIVERY AND HOUSE REMOV AL 
(a) Bulk deliveries and house removal shall be carried out only on the following days and times: 
Monday to Friday – 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.  
Saturday – 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. 
Owners, tenants, or occupiers are reminded to inform the Management of their schedules at least 
two days in advance. 
(b) Moving on Sundays and Public Holidays is strictly prohibited except with the express approval 
of the Management. 
(c) All deliveries and removals must be reported at the security checkpoint prior to work being 
carried out. Otherwise, the Management reserves the right to refuse entry to any unknown 
personnel for any purpose that cannot be verified. 
(d) Security personnel have the right to question any person in the building. 
(e) Packing and crating materials must be removed and disposed of by the respective owners or 
occupants. 
(f) Residents are not allowed to use tap water or electricity supply from the common areas except 
with written approval from the Management Corporation. 
(g) No unwanted materials, debris, etc. shall be left in the corridors, lift lobbies, fire escape 
staircases, or any common areas in the building. If left, they will be removed, and the cost with 
surcharges will be charged to the owner or occupant concerned. 
(h) Adequate protection of the common elements must be ensured by the residents, owners, or 
occupiers concerned during the delivery or removal work. 
(i) Owners, residents, or occupiers concerned shall be responsible for the conduct and behavior of 
their appointed contractors. Any damage caused by the moving of furniture or other personal 
effects shall be repaired or replaced at the expense of the owners, residents, or occupiers concerned. 
(j) Owners or occupiers concerned are required to place a deposit of Rs. 10,000/- with the 
Management before any bulk deliveries or house removal works can be permitted. 
(k) The deposit of Rs. 10,000/- shall be refunded subject to any deductions by the Management, at 
its absolute discretion, for any costs incurred to rectify any damage caused to the common elements 
by the owner or occupier concerned. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RENOV ATIONS 
(a) No structural alterations, however minor, shall be carried out without the written permission of 
the Management Corporation or contrary to the approved Building Plan. 
(b) Owners who wish to carry out any renovation or major repairs to their apartment must first 
notify the Management of their intention in writing, and a refundable deposit of Rs. 20,000/- shall 
be paid to the Management Corporation. Such deposit will be refunded interest-free when the 
Management is satisfied that persons carrying out such renovation or repairs have not damaged 
any structural component, adjacent unit, or common elements, left debris, or caused any 
impairment to the condominium property that would involve the Management incurring costs to 
rectify the problem. 
Should the amount of damages caused by such renovation or repairs exceed the deposited amount, 
the owner or occupier of the unit concerned shall be liable to pay the difference. 
(c) No contractors or workers for major repairs and renovations shall be allowed into any unit 
unless the Management has been notified in writing and a renovation deposit has been made. 
(d) No owner or occupier shall at any time make any alterations to the windows installed in the 
external wall of the subdivided building or make any alterations to any balcony. 
(e) Renovation work shall be carried out only during the following hours: 
Monday to Friday – 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.   
(Except 12:00 noon to 2:00 p.m.) 
(f) No work shall be carried out on Saturdays, Sundays, or Public Holidays. 
(g) The contractor must produce a copy of the Notification of Renovation or the Renovation Permit 
for inspection at the Security Guard posts before the workmen can be allowed access into the 
Condominium. 
(h) Before entry, all contractors and workmen are required to surrender their National Identity 
Cards or work permits at the security guard post in exchange for a Contractor’s Pass. 
(i) Owners shall be responsible for the conduct and behaviour of their appointed contractors and 
all workers employed in renovations. 
(j) Security personnel have the right to question any person in the building. 
(k) The use of pneumatic drills by residents is strictly prohibited. 
(l) No contractors shall be entitled to use tap water or electricity supply from the common areas. 
(m) All renovation work must be confined to the limits of the owner’s unit, and hacking of 
structural columns, walls, slabs, and beams is strictly prohibited. 
(n) Owners shall ensure that no contractor or workman shall use the common areas as a working 
area. All such work must be done inside the unit. 
(o) No unwanted materials, etc. shall be thrown into the garbage chutes and bins, corridors, lift 
lobbies, staircases, or any other common areas in the property. An appropriate sum shall be 
deducted from the renovation deposit in the event of any breach of this requirement. 
(p) In order to maintain a uniform and harmonious façade, all owners and residents shall at all 
times: 
i) Conform to the existing colour scheme of the external surfaces of the buildings. The 
Management Council has the authority to repaint any part not conforming to the colour 
scheme at the owner’s or occupier’s expense. 
) Refrain from erecting awnings of any kind or other sun-shading devices, projections, or 
any other thing outside the unit. 
i) Ensure that the external plastered walls are not damaged when carrying out the 
installation of air-conditioning units. Any damage must be rectified by the owners or 
occupiers. 
iv) Refrain from making any alterations or additions to the windows or doors, or to any 
structure that forms part of or adjoins the common elements, without having first obtained 
approval in writing from the Management. 
v) Refrain from raising the existing floor level, e.g., to split the level of any portion of the 
existing floor, either by adding a concrete platform and/or a timber platform. 
vi) Refrain from bricking up or blocking up service ducts and/or pipes. 
v) Refrain from relocating doors or windows. 
vi) Refrain from laying any type of flooring outside the flat, e.g., on common lobbies, 
balconies, corridor areas, or staircase landings just outside the entrance of each unit or 
installing iron grilles outside the entrance of each flat. 
(q) Contractors may only use the staircases to deliver any building materials from the basement. 
(r) Contractors must take all necessary precautions to protect all existing property, including lifts, 
roads, drains, fencing, etc., during shifting or renovation work. Any damage to the property during 
shifting or renovation work must be made good by the owner or occupier concerned, to the 
satisfaction of the Management Council. 
(s) The contractor shall be liable for and must indemnify the Management against all liability, loss, 
claims, or proceedings arising from the execution of the work. 
(t) Precaution shall be taken by the owner or occupier concerned against damaging the concealed 
electrical wiring, sanitary piping, and the floor slabs. 
(u) No alterations to or removal of existing sanitary fittings shall be allowed. 