 
 
URBAN CREST APARTMENTS MANGEMENT CORPORATION  
PROCEDURE TO BE ADOPTED BEFORE DISCONTINUATION OF UTILITIES  
FOR NON-PAYMENT OF DUES TO THE MANAGEMENT CORPORATION 
The following recovery action for the collection of outstanding Management Fee Contributions, 
Sinking Fund Contributions, Utilities Reimbursement and any other dues to the Management 
Corporation to be commenced as detailed below in keeping with the authority granted to the 
Management Council by Resolution passed at the Annual General Meetings.  
Invoice to be sent indicating payment due date which would be 14 days from date of invoice. A 
round of calls should be made by Admin/Accounts to follow up payments and receipt updating by 
or before the due date. 
 
1 Reminder to be sent if payment remains unsettled beyond 7 days of the invoice date. This 
reminder would provide another 7 days for payment. This can be sent via email/post/hand 
delivery. A statement of outstanding dues should be attached. 
 
2 If no payment is received at the expiry of the 7 days provided by the Reminder a Final Letter 
(referred to in the Resolution passed) to be sent with Management Council’s Prior 
Authorization, providing 14 days for settlement of payments under registered post in 
compliance with Section 20J of the Apartment Ownership Law.  
  
3 The Management Council’s Authorization refers to a resolution that should be passed at the 
Council meeting on immediate available date to proceed with the discontinuation of services 
for such outstanding payments indicating the Apartment Numbers and the amounts due for 
collection. 
 
4 For administrative efficiency this will serve as the Service Discontinuation Notice with prior 
approval obtained from the Council. The letter shall be signed by the Property Manager for and 
on behalf of the Management Corporation. The letter shall be sent to the legal owner as well 
as on CC to Tenant (if applicable) and Condominium Management Authority.  
 
5 A copy of AGM Resolution Extract and the Statement of Outstanding as of date should be 
attached to this letter. 
 
6 If payment is not received at the expiry of the 14 days provided by the said letter (see 3 above) 
the Service shall be discontinued by 12 noon on the following day by a competent technician 
in the presence of Property Manager/Engineer, Security Officer without any further Notice to 
the owner/occupant of the apartment. 
 
7 Utilities would be reconnected immediately upon receipt of cash payment for the full 
settlement and Reconnection Fees of Rs. 10,000.00. If payment is made by cheque, 
reconnection would take place immediately upon the realization of funds.  